--------------
--------------
RCP Headlines
--------------
--------------

Trump's Malignant Spell Could Soon Be Broken
https://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/other/donald-trumps-malignant-spell-could-soon-be-broken/ar-BB1aLGzR

Why Americans Don't Trust Media to Call the Election
https://www.aei.org/op-eds/the-media-is-the-big-loser-of-the-2020-election/

SCOTUS Orders PA's Late Arrival Mail Ballots Set Aside
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/supreme-court-orders-all-of-pennsylvanias-late-arrival-mail-in-ballots-to-be-set-aside

Trump Wants to Go to War With Philadelphia? Good Luck
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/so-you-want-to-go-to-war-with-philadelphia/ar-BB1aLApa

Philadelphia's Long History of Corruption and Fraud
https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/phillys-long-history-corruption-includes-judge-convicted-bribery-cast

Dems Have a Lot to Celebrate, Assuming a Biden Win
https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/524836-why-so-gloomy-democrats-you-have-a-lot-to-celebrate

2020's Biggest Losers: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
https://www.wsj.com/articles/2020s-biggest-election-losers-11604619664?mod=djemalertNEWS

Why Hasn't Fox News Retracted Its Wrong Call on the House?
https://amgreatness.com/2020/11/07/why-hasnt-fox-news-retracted-its-wrong-call-on-the-house/

The Slow-Motion Humiliation of Donald Trump
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/the-slow-motion-humiliation-of-an-empty-demagogue/ar-BB1aM65h

Why Liberals Stick With the Myth of Racial Resentment
https://nypost.com/2020/11/05/the-left-is-again-showing-that-it-cant-stand-anyone-who-disagrees/

Why So Many Latinos Voted for Donald Trump
https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/11/04/latino-vote-understanding-what-issues-important-column/6148066002/

Trump's Brazen Attack on Our Democracy
https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/06/opinions/trumps-brazen-attack-on-our-democracy-anne-milgram/index.html

Biden's Showing in Milwaukee County Raises WI Questions
https://thefederalist.com/2020/11/06/bidens-performance-in-milwaukee-county-raises-questions-about-wisconsin-votes/

2020 Exit Polls: The Punditry Is Not Alright
https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/11/07/election-2020-exit-polls-trump-minorities-race-women-column/6191966002/

One America, Two Nations
https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/one-america-two-nations-by-richard-haass-2020-11

Colonial Math Can't Alter Puerto Rico's Statehood Vote
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2020/11/07/colonial_math_cant_alter_puerto_ricos_pro-statehood_vote.html

It's Official: Big Tech Is 'Policing' the Election for Democrats
https://pjmedia.com/spengler/2020/11/06/big-tech-is-policing-you-says-jeff-bezos-washington-post-n1129200

Northeast
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/elections/live_results/2020/house_northeast/

Midwest
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/elections/live_results/2020/house_midwest/

West
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/elections/live_results/2020/house_west/

GOP Pick Ups >> +10 to +15
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/elections/live_results/2020/house_top_50/

Editorials
/editorials/

The Presidential Endgame
https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-presidential-endgame-11604706255?mod=djemalertNEWS

Election Interference Is Trump's Strategy to the Bitter End
https://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/editorials/article/Editorial-Election-interference-is-Trump-s-15705770.php

